Change check for Content-Type in fetchFile (#1374)
shopware/shopware: changelog/_unreleased/2020-09-27-improve-REST-API-fetch-from-url.md

---
title: Change check for Content-Type in fetchfile()
issue: (issue)[https://github.com/shopware/platform/issues/1372]
author: Marcel Sotiropoulos
author_email: marcel.sotiropoulos@soti-it.at
---
# API

> *  Changed the check for Content-Type in MediaService.php in function fetchFile(...) to  

Reviewer: the changelog is now wrong :wink: 

I also would suggest, that it is not necessary to point out the explicit code change.

what do you think about that?
```suggestion
*  Changed the content type check in `\Shopware\Core\Content\Media\MediaService::fetchFile()` to allow additional information
```

Author: Yeah, sorry. I was in a hurry yesterday

> ```strpos($contentType, 'application/json') !== false``` instead of  

Reviewer: remove these two lines :blush:

Author: Ok, now i am officially retarded...
